Make is_workflow_required an explicit section (#3258)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/advanced-features/workflows.md

# Package test/package@6331508 pushed to s3://quilt-sergey-dev-metadata
```

> ## Bypassing workflow validation and setting a default workflow

Reviewer: My intended goal in requesting the update to this document was to help users understand how to require workflows. Though the inverse is also helpful, I'd like to help users understand how to enforce workflows using `is_workflow_required: True`, and how to best utilize this. 

If `is_workflow_required` is not explicitly called out, what is the default state?

Reviewer 2: By default workflows are required. We should state that explicitly.

Author: Fixed!

If you wish for your users to be able to skip workflows altogether,
you can make workflow validation optional with `is_workflow_required:
false` at the top-level in your `config.yml` file:

```yaml
version:
  base: "1"
  catalog: "1"
is_workflow_required: False
```

> Then specify `workflow=None` in any `Package.push()` API calls:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now your users can specify `workflow=None` (or `--workflow ''`) when they push packages.
```

Author: Fixed - thanks

> # Package test/package@06b2815 pushed to s3://quilt-sergey-dev-metadata

Reviewer: any chance we can make the S3 bucket name more end-user sanitized? Nothing against Sergey by any means, but I'd like this to be something along the lines of s3://quilt-docs-metadata

Author: Removed all occurrences of Sergey's name

```

A `default_workflow` value can also be set at the top-level in your
`config.yml` file:

```yaml
version:
  base: "1"
  catalog: "1"
default_workflow: "experiment"
is_workflow_required: False
workflows:
  experiment:
    name: Experiment
    metadata_schema: experiment-universal
schemas:
  experiment-universal:

>     url: s3://quilt-sergey-dev-metadata/.quilt/workflows/schemas/experiment-universal.json

Reviewer: Echoing the previous comment about generalizing the S3 bucket name

Author: This is now fixed throughout
